docs: update README to reflect deprecation (#1427)
angular/flex-layout: README.md

[![Build status](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/flex-layout.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/angular/flex-layout)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/angular/flex-layout.svg)](https://gitter.im/angular/flex-layout)

> **NOTE: This project has been deprecated. Please review [this blog post](https://blog.angular.io/modern-css-in-angular-layouts-4a259dca9127) 

Reviewer: Not sure deprecated is the correct phrasing. Maybe:

```suggestion
**NOTE: The Angular team no longer publishes new releases of this project. Please review [this blog post](https://blog.angular.io/modern-css-in-angular-layouts-4a259dca9127) 
```

> for alternatives, and [this article](https://medium.com/@caerus.karu/farewell-flex-layout-aaa567023769) for the exaplanation and next steps.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for alternatives, and [this article](https://medium.com/@caerus.karu/farewell-flex-layout-aaa567023769) for the explanation and next steps.**
```

Reviewer 2: nit: spelling
